Thank you so much, Jensen. So, uh we are
in the middle of a massive AI
revolution.
Uh it is probably bigger and faster than
even the Industrial Revolution.
And you have called out what's happening
right now as the largest infrastructure
buildout in human history.
At the center of that buildout is the AI
factory.
And the company enabling all of that is
Nvidia.
Can you tell us what is an AI factory
and why is it the best investment for
any enterprise in the next decade?
>> Okay, so um
you could you could understand AI in a
in a particular number of ways. The the
way that you understand AI probably most
is through a chatbot, through a web
browser. Uh you're interacting with it.
You give it a prompt, it say something
back to you.
And and even those of you who have been
using AI for some time, uh you've seen
in the last couple 2 3 years a very
significant evolution, improvement in
the capabilities of AI.
2 years ago, you heard about ChatGPT.
And ChatGPT basically
is a computer software that understands
the input you give it.
It can perceive, understand information.
And it can translate and generate the
information into something else. Okay,
so you can give it a prompt and you can
say, "Here's this PDF I gave you. Um I
would like you now to summarize it." It
went from text to text. You could also
tell it, "Here's a PDF I gave you. Um I
would like you to now generate an image
of that story." It go text to image. You
could use go from image to text, meaning
you could give it a picture and you can
"What's happening inside this picture?"
It goes text uh image to text. Does that
make sense? Anything to anything else.
And AI in the last in 2 years time 2
years ago was largely able to do this
translation. We call it a generation
generative models. Okay, generative AI.
But the the thing that is
very big deal inside that word
generative AI is in order to do
something even more valuable than
generation for understanding and
generating is thinking.
Well, you can't think if you don't
generate words. And so the
the foundation of generative AI gave us
the ability to generate internal
thoughts. Thinking, reasoning,
step-by-step reasoning, problem-solving.
It also allowed us to do another thing
that is now very important, which is
generate intelligence to control
something else. To generate
control to use a tool. Does that make
sense? To use a browser, use a
spreadsheet, use Photoshop, use
PowerPoint, use something, use AutoCAD,
use another tool.
Now, that tool today is digital, but
someday that tool will be mechanical.
So, if I generate a command to a
mechanical system, that would be called
robotics. If I generate commands for
a machine with steering wheel, that
would be called self-driving cars.
Does that make sense? Okay. And so 2
years ago
2 years ago, in fact, you saw the
foundations, we call it ChatGPT, and
everybody said, "Ah, you know, it's fun.
It's it's silly." Or it produced a whole
bunch of crazy hallucinated text.
That's all true, but it was the
foundational technology that led to all
of this.
2 years later, we now have agentic
systems.
Now,
that's one view of AI.
I just described the view, which is what
can AI do?
Right? And so now all of you realize,
you see it from ChatGPT, you see it from
Codex, you see it from Cloud Code, you
see you see that it's now able to not
just understand, but it's able to do
work.
Reason and do work. Now, 2 years ago
when AI was able to understand you and
generate information, that was
interesting, novel,
a little cute,
whenever you need a poem written,
great way to do it, right? Who doesn't
want to write a country song?
And so so that was 2 years ago, but now
because it's able to do work, AI is
valuable. Valuable meaning it can
generate information, it can generate
useful work, and it could be paid for
it. Because we pay for we're we're
interested in having friends that are
smart.
We love people who are know-it-alls,
but we don't pay them for it. We pay for
people who do work. Does that make
sense? All right. Which is what happened
in the last 2 years, AI went from having
this capability to now A Gentec went
from not use not very valuable to now
producing useful work.
So much useful work that you and I are
doing this every day, we're paying AI by
the hour.
Right? And so we might pay him $30 an
hour to do the work, $20 an hour to do
the work. We're basically paying AI a
lot of money today. The fastest growing
software business in the history of
mankind. Because now it's doing useful
work and we can pay them to do it. Now,
that's one view of AI, which is what it
can do. But one other view of AI that's
really important to help reason through
what Constantine is saying. So for
example, the reason why some companies
some people are able to build great
businesses and could maneuver themselves
into the center of very large industries
is because when they see this
capability,
this is very interesting. One
interesting thought is if we're able to
do this, what is the implication to the
downstream industries?
That's an interesting conversation we
should have. Okay? So, now that AI can
do this, what happens to all the
industries like health care, financial
services, and life sciences,
manufacturing, logistics,
transportation,
on and on and on.
E-tail, advertising, future
entertainment, the the list the list of
the list of conversations you can have
about now that AI can do this, what can
it do as a result subsequently? That's
an interesting conversation, but you
should go upstream, meaning
industrially, what does that mean? And
so, the first thing you realize is this.
Go back to first principles.
I had told you just now that AI is
software
and it's being produced by a computer.
Now,
what happened to the computer that has
made it possible to do this?
Well, the big idea is
about
if you think about the computers as we
know it today really emerged about 64
years ago. IBM System/360 was the
biggest announcement of computing, and
64 years ago IBM was the most valuable
company in the world.
Okay? And they created the modern
understanding of computers. Everything
that we can describe about computer was
really described in 1964.
For 60 for 40 years largely has remained
the same.
And what happened was what happened was
that that form of computing is called
pre-recording.
You write down your story, you save it
to a file. You write a program by hand,
you save it to a file. You take a
picture, you save it to a file, you
record music, you save it to a file, you
make a video, right now we're in
streaming right now, but somebody's
going to record it, you're going to save
it to a file. And when you want to use
it later, you retrieve it from the disk
drive. Does that make sense? And the
retrieval process is done intelligently.
So, that's why everybody's retrieval of
a news story is a little bit different.
It's called a recommender system.
But, basically, computers as we know it
today is a retriever retrieval-based
system, which is the reason why these
buildings are called data centers.
They store data.
Notice they don't call them computer
centers.
Because it's not doing much computing.
They just store data that you retrieve
based on what you touch on your phone.
Well, what happened now,
if you look at what I just described, in
order for this AI to work as I described
it, every time I say something to it,
I have to give it new information. We
call it context. I give it a new prompt.
That's called a query.
Between the context and the query, it
will
understand it first, reason about it,
and it will produce an output based on
that context and that query. Based on
the circumstance. Does that make sense
so far? Okay, give me one nod. Okay? And
so,
if that is the case,
every time you use the AI,
the content is produced originally every
single time. Everything I'm saying to
you right now
is being produced in real time.
And it's because my explanation is based
on the fact that I realize all of you
have come from 60 different countries,
128 different families.
You all have many different backgrounds.
Some of you probably came from the
computer industry. Most of you probably
did not. And so, I'm explaining the
information to you in a way that is
sufficiently deep, but ultimately my
goal is this.
So that you know
how to make your next investment. That's
what I'm leading to.
And so, I'm going to give you enough
sufficient information
that you can reason about it for
yourself, so that when you see something
in the next time you go, that's worth
investing in. That's going to be a big
industry. That's $100 billion right now,
and it looks really big, but that's
nothing compared to how big it's going
to be.
I'm going to give you the intuition to
solve that problem, okay? And so So here
we are.
Went from a computer industry that was
largely based on retrieval for 60 years,
and all of a sudden, one day, it's
completely generated in real time. We
call it intelligence. This This is what
I'm doing right now for you. I'm
demonstrating intelligence.
Contextual awareness, he gave me a
prompt, and here comes my answer. Does
it make sense?
>> Extremely intelligent.
>> Extremely artificial intelligence, okay?
And so
And so here I So here Here What's going
on now? I just gave you one word
earlier, it's called generative AI. The
The computer of today has been
completely reinvented, it's now
generative.
And every single to Every single letter
you see, every single word you see in
your in the future, every video, every
image, every ad, every TV commercial,
every single time you read a story,
a new story,
every one of them will be different.
What Constantine sees, what I see, what
you see, will be completely different
because it'll be generated for you.
Because your your interest, your
context, who you are, for what reason
you asked, how you asked, is completely
different. Does it make sense? And so
therefore therefore
every single pixel that you see, every
single sound that you hear in the
future, every video you see in the
future, will be originally generated,
not retrieved. Which means
in the future we need a lot more
generators.
And these generators is what we build.
That's what we build for a living. These
are large computers, and they're
generating intelligence.
Now, the next question is this.
Well, how big could it be?
How big can it be?
And so it turns out It turns out the
amount of information, the amount of
generation of intelligence
is
we do it for about a billion people in
the world today.
Now that I told you that AI has become
agentic, meaning that it can actually do
work by itself.
Well, if it can do work by itself, then
one agent can communicate with another
agent and say, "I have some work to do.
Let's team up together and let's do some
work." And now you have all these
different agents and they're all working
together to solve problems inside your
company, say. So, inside our company,
Constantine knows that we we're huge
users of agentic AI. We have
hundreds of thousands of agents probably
running around right now that are doing
work and they're talking to each other
and they're solving problems. All guard
railed, all sandboxed,
all guard railed and sandboxed, but
they're all working with each other.
Which means in the future, it is very
likely that the internet that we use
today for a billion people
will likely
mostly be
several billion
call it a hundred billion agents working
around the clock and they're using the
internet and talking to each other. And
what are they saying? So, for example,
they'll be companies working with
companies, employees agents working with
other employees agents, they'll be
self-driving cars
which are agentic,
they'll be robots which are agentic, all
the manufacturing systems, every
building will be agentic, they'll be
agents all over the place and they'll be
using the internet and all of those
commands that they generate to each
other will be generated, all of the
thoughts
that they have to understand, all
generated. Does that make sense? And so,
basically, the world is going to be this
layer of computing
that's going to cocoon the earth and
it's going to be generating intelligence
all the time. Now, I just said something
that sounds ridiculous.
Except, in fact, it's already happened.
>> Mhm.
>> Twice.
So, 300 years ago
a company in Germany called Siemens
produced a machine. And this machine is
really interesting machine. You go up to
this machine, you light it on fire.
And then this incredible invisible force
comes out the other end.
>> Mhm.
>> Nobody understood what it was.
We understand it now as electricity.
How many power generators are there in
the world? We call it a grid.
Power generation cocoons the planet. We
call it the grid. And then of course
20 some odd years ago
earlier than that, 35 years ago
this networking scheme, networking
matrix fabric was created here in the
United States, eventually became the
internet. And where is it? It cocoons
the world. And so now you have energy
communications, intelligence, and it
will cocoon the world. And we'll use it
for you know, it'll just be a commodity
and we'll use it all over the place. And
so what Nvidia does for a living is this
new machine.
The machine that was invented 3 years
300 years ago is called the dynamo.
That dynamo
anything that moves comes in, could be
you know, waterfalls, it could be wind,
fire
steam
transfer it from motion atoms
right? To
electrons.
Atoms to electrons.
We then take the electrons into our
machine called Nvidia.
Electrons now comes into our machine
comes in this factory and what comes out
are numbers.
These numbers
depending on how you combine them
turns into
language
math
it can also turn into a new language
we've learned
proteins
we learn the the language of human
biology. We learned the language of the
physical world, physics,
climate, weather. We learned the
language of
the 3D world,
robotics, self-driving cars.
We learned the language of all kinds of
different forms of intelligence,
but the point being
now
these two machines, 300 years apart,
atoms in, electrons out, electrons in,
numbers out, and those numbers could be
rejigged, reformulated into all kinds of
different intelligence. That's what we
built, that's what we do for a living,
and that's why I call it a factory
because it's producing
we call them tokens, but they're just
numbers tokens
and these tokens are intelligence.
That's it.
That's what we do.
It's not that hard.
>> Brilliant.
>> [applause]
[applause]
>> Now you know what AI's for, and now you
know what AI's how AI's built.
And how [clears throat] how big it's
going to be.
>> Thank you all for joining today.
>> Thank you.
>> [laughter]
>> Good job. Excellent question.
>> I I really felt that, carried it, you
know, the prompt. Um
>> You laid it up for me.
>> [laughter]
>> Um okay, so this is a massive revolution
Yeah. Um and you you laid out three
transformations. Uh energy
transformation, which touches everyone
today, and a lot of the people in the
audience are part of these manufacturing
and energy producers globally,
telecommunications, which connects all
of us, and now intelligence. And in
energy, you talked about the generator,
telecommunications, I guess the
comparable would be the switch or
something along those lines for routing
communications globally, and now in the
intelligence revolution, it's the GPU at
the core. And the AI factory, like the
H100 or any of the the new systems that
bring everything you need under the same
hood. Vera Rubin, what happened?
>> And these these factories, so you know,
these generators
it's
each one of our
units, we call it a rack.
There's 72 chips inside. We we we
we manufacture
uh call it 8 million of them this year.
But but uh 72 of them go into a rack.
That rack weighs 2 tons.
Uh it is uh $4 million.
Has 1 and 1/2 million parts.
And um it's the most expensive piece of
equipment in the world.
And we manufacture them like
like um I guess it would be like phones.
I mean, we crank them out.
And they go into, you know, data centers
all over the world. And yeah.
We build these machines in volume.
>> [laughter]
>> They they are big devices. This is This
is how you do your weight lifting.
>> Yes.
>> I understand.
>> No volume discounts.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, so you laid out this picture of a
very exciting world
>> Mhm.
>> that we are in. We're in the middle of
this revolution. We are
>> Yep.
>> I You could say decades in. You could
say years in.
>> Yeah.
>> Certainly now in the the mainstream of
the intelligence revolution. How do we
participate? I'm sure everybody here
wants to participate in this revolution.
>> Yeah, excellent question.
>> Let's start with big enterprises. And
then let's get to individuals as well.
>> Yep.
>> How do people join this movement?
>> And so now I gave you two mental models.
I'm going to give you one more mental
model. So so one mental model, the the
really, you know, we can talk about this
story and hopefully we cover all four
phases. I just talked about what AI can
do. I talked about how AI is made. And
these things are in these factories.
These factories are, you know, each
gigawatt is about $50 billion.
So, if you ever seen it's the most
expensive factory in the world, but it
also that one $50 billion factory also
generates
$300, $400 billion
in intelligence. And so, the the
production value is incredible, okay?
The return on investment is extremely
fast. And so, these
So, that's the factory part. The part
that I'm going to tell you now, and this
is very important when you think about
investment, is what does the industrial
layout look like for for AI? And the the
way to think about the industrial view
is think of it as a five-layer cake.
Now, I told you on the bottom is energy.
The bottom is Remember I said the
dynamo, okay? Now, we have course
different different AC generators and
things like that, power generation. And
so, on the lowest layer is energy. This
is the single greatest opportunity in
several generations for the energy
industries to grow. The very first time
in probably, I don't know, 100 years
since the energy grid in many countries
could be invested in. This is the best
opportunity to invest in sustainable
energy. If you care about sustainable
energy, nuclear, air,
you know, or wind, solar, you name it,
whatever form, hydrogen, whatever form,
is so long as it produces energy,
it's going to get funded. And so, that
tells you something about how great of a
time this is because we have a trillion
dollars. Just think, this one year this
year alone, we're going to put a
trillion dollars from the market into
this entire five-layer cake. I'm going
to I'm going to describe to you. So, the
first layer is energy. That's the reason
why Siemens is doing so well, that's
Mitsubishi is doing fantastically, GE
Vernova, I mean, everybody. The first
layer of the cake is energy.
The second [snorts] layer of the cake is
chips and computers and networking and
switches and silicon photonics. Does
that make sense? It's all the computers.
The third layer of the cake, we call it
infrastructure.
Land,
power,
shell,
money,
data center operations.
Every one of them in scarce supply
today.
And so that's the that's the next layer,
it's infrastructure layer. And then the
layer that everybody sees that everybody
thinks is AI, it's the model layer. Does
that make sense? That's the next layer,
it sits on top of the computers that the
cloud infrastructure. And this is the
greatest opportunity in recent human in
human history that I know that so much
market driven investment is naturally
coming into the ecosystem. It's a great
time to build. And so so that now that's
the model layer. The model layer is uh
OpenAI, it's Anthropic. But this is
the part that you can't overlook. This
is very important. So you have two
companies that you know of, that you
hear about. Um however, don't forget AI,
as I was explaining earlier, has learned
the language
It learns the language and the meaning
the mean the language the meaning
of anything that is structural. So that
layer that what's really important is
that we hear we talk about all the
language, but don't forget
we learn any you can learn anything with
structure.
And so let me give you an example of
something with structure.
Today when I walked into a room I was
expecting a lot of people and
it wasn't unexpected the way you
appeared.
Now if some of you were hanging off the
ceiling and floating in midair and some
of you, you know, the
one human but body parts in 17 different
places
and and I could see through some of you,
then then it's hard to learn that.
Because every time it's different. Okay?
Because it's hard to learn quantum
things.
However, things with structure we can
learn, right? People have eyes and so
you can learn these things, okay? And so
3D I I learned the laws of physics.
I I sat down
and notice I sat down with confidence.
I wasn't I wasn't 50% 53% of the time I
landed safely on the chair. The other
47% of the time I went right through it.
And so I can't trust it but 100% of the
time. You guys understand? And so if if
you if things are predictable and are
predictable then there's structure you
can learn from it and you can learn the
meaning of it, okay? And so we learn the
meaning of protein we learn the meaning
we're learning the meaning of genes. Not
just sequencing it, not not just CRISPR
editing it but what is the meaning of
that gene? What is the meaning of a
cell?
Why does a cell do what a cell does?
What happens when two cells coming
together? And so this is no different
than imagine I learn the meaning of a
cell the way I learn the meaning of a
word. And what what is what happens when
I took take two words put them together?
These two words activate each other,
turn into something else of another
meaning.
Okay? And so from a computer's
perspective it doesn't care if it's a
cell, a protein, a word,
an image, a car. Does that make sense?
It's just tokens.
And so we have to figure out as computer
scientists we have to figure out how to
represent the world's information in all
these different ways so that the
computer can understand it. Understand
it understand it, reason about it, come
up with a plan, generate an action, the
intelligence loop. Protein's the same
way, cells the same way, the human
anatomy is the same way. It must be
predictable. It's predictable because
tomorrow morning I'm largely the same.
It must be predictable, okay? And so
we're learning all these different My
point is there are two language models
that you guys know about but AI is a
giant industry.
The industry of everything else physical
is about 80 trillion dollars.
It is actually
you know, the most important frontier.
The one the parts that we're not talking
about. And then on top of that this
model this technology then feeds into
all the stuff that Konstantin gets to
see these days, which is all of these
startups that are coming up with
revolutionary ideas in financial
services, in legal, in accounting, in
transportation, logistics. Isn't that
right? And so, what that layer above,
this last year,
a hundred billion dollars of venture
capital investment. The single largest
year of VC investment in the history of
humanity.
All of that money is going into that
fifth layer, the top layer, which is the
the layer that apply applications to
enhance
human condition. And so, there are five
layers. When you think about AI and you
want to invest in this future, and I
promise you this future is going to be
gigantic because two years ago, zero.
It's approximately We're about to put
one trillion dollars in, but that's one
trillion out of the
you know, we're going to be putting in
probably the AI industry, I'm going to
guess for a second, probably something
along the lines of twenty trillion
dollars a year. We're one trillion
dollars in of a twenty trillion dollars
a year ecosystem.
Because the production of intelligence,
you just got to ask yourself, how
important is intelligence?
And who needs it?
And how much of it do you want?
And so, those are kind of the basic
questions. And all of that intelligence,
whether it's for proteins or cars or
robots or language or math, science,
whatever it is, has to be generated by
these machines. And so, this five-layer
cake is the industrial version.
And I think that's a good way to think
about where to invest.
>> Hugely so. So, so you've described what
is a multi-trillion-dollar opportunity
to become part of this revolution. And
that includes the hardware and the
facilities, if it's fifty billion
dollars for a gigawatt and there's
hundred plus coming online in the next
several years. That is trillions plus
the application layer where that is
many, many more trillions plus, plus,
plus and that means real jobs for people
doing the the hands in building and then
also
>> Right now, exactly. And
we have to we have to really emphasize
this and this is very important to you.
Um
There every country has a different
attitude about AI today.
Would you guys agree with that? Every
country because everybody's culture is a
little different, okay? And and here's
here's my recommendation.
Um
be careful with with the analogies and
the science fiction stories that this is
Terminator and and words like
singularity and and ideas that that
somebody say in 20% chance this will be
the end of humanity as we know it.
Okay? Those kind of those kind of
articulations of AI is just nonsense.
>> Mhm.
>> It is complete nonsense. Oh, we have no
idea how it works.
This is so mysterious, we don't even
know how it works. It might just get up
out of its seat and walk out tomorrow
morning.
There's no question in my mind it's
computer and software.
And there's no question in my mind they
know how it works. And do you know how I
know they know how it works?
Because every single year apparently
it's getting better. If you don't know
how something works, how do you make it
better?
I have no idea how it works, but I know
how to make it better.
That's nonsense. So, why are they saying
these things? That's an interesting
question. However, don't let it scare
you. You must engage it.
You may or may not lose a job to an AI.
But you will absolutely lose a job to
someone who uses AI. Would you guys
agree with that?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. So, let's not worry about the
things you're not sure about and focus
on the things that you are sure about.
I am absolutely certain I will lose my
job to someone who uses AI. So, before I
worry about AI, let's just go make sure
I use AI.
And so, the part that Now, why is that
Why is that common sense so important
for me to tell you? Because some of you
have children.
What are you advising them? Run away?
Or make sure whatever this technology is
that gives people superpowers, that you
go make sure you use it.
So, I'm hoping
that we do two things. One,
we are and we're doing everything we can
to build this technology safely for the
world.
I promise you so much computer science,
so much investment, so much passion
dedicated to making this technology safe
for everybody to use. And I can prove
it.
Use ChatGPT 2 years ago and use it
again.
The amount of hallucination
completely reduced to almost nothing.
To the point where it's producing
knowledge, not only accurately,
contextually relevant,
relevant to the moment. And if it
doesn't know the answer, it does
research. And when it comes up with an
answer, it even questions itself.
Before it tells you an answer, it
reflects on it.
And it comes up with two or three
question two or three different answers,
and it reflects on those before it
produces the answer for you.
The amount of safety and guard railing,
grounding of truth, the technology
advanced so fast to make it safe. I am
certain I can tell you this
completely
with fact.
I prefer my car today than the car that
was 100 years ago.
The technology is a lot better,
but it's a lot safer.
And it takes a lot of technology to be
invented in order for it to be safe.
And so, I can tell you that it is our
job, it is the responsibility of
technology industry, it's
the responsibility of scientists and
engineers for us to build AI safely.
Two, it is your responsibility to make
sure that you
tell the people that you love,
whether it's your family, your kids,
your grandkids, or the company you work
for, or the country that you're in.
Whatever we do,
engage AI.
If we think it's a superpower, engage
it. Because if we don't engage it,
somebody else will.
We're not going to lose our lives to AI.
We're going to lose our lives to
somebody who uses AI.
And so that's my
Well, that That's too serious.
>> That's the uh
>> That's too serious. That was because he
said the word job.
So, I've I've got a trigger, and the
trigger is a bunch of people making
stuff up about jobs.
>> Mhm.
>> We put a trillion dollars into the
world's ecosystem this year, did we not?
What's it doing? Making jobs.
Right now, the energy sector, more jobs
than ever. The chip sector, more jobs
than ever. Infrastructure layer, more
jobs than ever. Everything from land,
power, shell, finances.
AI model layer, more jobs than ever. And
we just said a hundred billion dollars
last year went into the upper layer,
more jobs than ever. We're creating so
many more jobs.
Now, somebody might say, "Well, what
about the traditional jobs?" So, let me
give you the example.
You know that everybody's job and their
task is related, not the same.
A job and the task you do in the job is
related, not the same. So, for example,
my job is to be the CEO, to lead the
company. Most of the Most of the time,
and I spent a lot of it today,
most of my time, my task is
typing and talking.
>> Mhm.
>> And so you could say CEO equals typing
and talking.
Both of them, AI does in a superhuman
way.
And I'm busier than ever.
Now, give me that Of course, that's a
really cute example. But, let me give
you the a more a deep example and you
can now apply it.
So, 10 years ago, more a slightly more
than that, one of the world's leading
computer scientist
wanted to warn everybody
about the power of AI. And so, he said
and Constantine probably knows who it
is. He said
the first job that AI will destroy and
eliminate and I advise nobody
goes into this field because this field
will be wiped out
>> radiology.
>> is radiology. Computer vision is
superhuman
already 12 years ago.
Computer vision, a computer can
recognize images, detect anomalies with
superhuman capability, never gets tired,
never miss a detail.
12 years ago it was able to do that and
he predicted as a result of that
radiology is going to be wiped out.
Well, he was absolutely right.
Radiology was completely
penetrated by computer vision. Computer
vision
proliferated through every single form
of radiology and every radiology stack
and every radiologist today is augmented
by computer vision. However, the
interesting thing is this, radiology
demand went up. The number of
radiologists in the world went up. Why?
Audience participation, please.
Why?
>> More more demand.
>> I heard some of the things that it's all
true.
It turns out
radiology spends a lot of time studying
scans.
But, the purpose of the radiology the
purpose of the radiologist
is to work with doctors to diagnose
disease.
>> [clears throat]
>> To work with doctors to diagnose
disease.
And
because it's now automated, they are
more productive. So, two things happen.
More patients are
admitted into the hospital.
They do more scans.
The radiology department became more
profitable.
When they realized they were more
profitable and they were admitting more
patients,
they hired more radiologists
so that they could admit more patients
so that they could make more money,
take care of more people because as it
turns out, there are a lot of people
who are suffering
and they were waiting to get into the
hospital.
So, now
let's pretend for a second.
Do you appreciate the computer scientist
tell you it's going to be the end of the
world for radiologists?
My point is
we have to be responsible about what we
make up because we could have done harm.
And it turns out the number of people
who want to be radiologists after his
speech because it permeated through
everything,
the number of radiologists started to
decline. But we need more radiologists.
Now, somebody recently said
90% of software coding will be gone and
therefore we don't need software
engineers.
Meanwhile, we're hiring more software
engineers than ever.
And the reason for that is because a
software engineer's job is to solve
problems and dream up problems to solve,
innovate.
I never hire somebody and said, "Hey,
guess what? You're a software engineer.
Listen,
here's a keyboard. Show me how many
words a second you can type."
Typing is not the job of a software
engineer.
Coding is not their job. Solving
problems is their job. And so, I just
gave you two examples.
Task versus purpose. Does that make
sense?
It turns out this example happens all
over the place.
But because we have such a contrived
such a naive understanding
that computer scientists could say
things like 50% of the jobs will be
gone.
Software coding is completely
irrelevant. Radiology is going to be
wiped out because we think about it from
the task perspective. We forgot the
purpose of the job.
>> Mhm.
>> There were radiologists before there
were workstations. There're going to be
radiologists after AI. There were soft
There were engineers before software
coding. I promise you that.
There will be engineers after. Does that
make sense?
And so that's the the way to think about
jobs and um
I've now covered two things. One,
if your country is not investing in AI,
there's a massive boom of jobs that
you're missing out on.
If your country or your company is not
investing in AI,
there's a level of elevation of your
people that you're missing out on.
AI is not going to eliminate jobs. AI is
going to elevate your job.
If I were a plumber today,
largely I get a job task sheet or a
schematic.
However, if I'm a plumber tomorrow, it
is very likely I'm a designer as well.
>> Mhm.
>> Does that make sense? Because you and I
both know
>> Yeah.
>> that we could just use AI to generate
decent incredible designs of a kitchen
if I were a carpenter.
>> Mhm.
>> Does I can turn If I were a salesperson
of furniture, I'm going to be an
interior interior designer for sure.
>> Mhm.
>> And so I've elevated my craft. Went from
somebody who sells furniture to somebody
who could advise you on how beautiful
your home could be.
I went from somebody who's a carpenter.
You're expecting me to come and just,
you know, put some wood together.
And now I'm your home designer.
You I've elevated my craft.
I've given you so many examples, but
that's my point. I think the narrative
about AI is absolutely wrong.
>> Mhm.
>> And
the goal is to scare everybody out of
it.
>> Mhm.
>> So that some people can benefit from it.
But AI, as you know, is the greatest
force for eliminating the technology
divide in my entire career.
>> Mhm.
>> I spent 40 somewhat years
My entire life has been in computer
design. I spent 40 somewhat years
and this entire time the technology we
created
became more and more and more and more
complex and the number of people who
could who could program these computers
as a percentage of population declined.
>> Yep.
>> Who in this room knows C++?
Come on, cut it out, you weirdos.
But this row is just is a startup
company.
Okay. And so [laughter]
So So this row, okay, so we're we're
looking at 2%. Okay? 2% and this is a
very strange room.
This is a very strange room. And so 2%
of society knows C++. How many people
know human?
Okay, more than 2%. And so And so
everybody now know Everybody now can
program a computer and yet in the past
only 2% can. We have closed the
technology divide.
We got to bring everybody with us. Does
that make sense? Okay. Anyways, that's
it. On a Friday night that's too
serious.
>> That That
>> That is extremely optimistic and I
agree. Uh and it's great to hear from
someone who is closer to actual building
of the actual technology that powers
everything than anyone else in the
world. Um so Jensen, you talked about a
future where we move from retrieval,
this
paradigm that we've had our entire lives
in to generation where everything is
customized, knowledge is customized for
the individual. A world where we have
the generation of intelligence
paralleling from the energy to the
telecommunications revolution to now the
intelligence revolution. You talked
about these languages that the computer
can speak, not just English or German,
but even protein. You talked about five
layers of participation.
Abundant opportunity to participate in
this revolution for everyone in this
room and everyone listening. And you
talked about how this transformation is
going to be something that has real
consequences. Real consequences that
allow people to move from just doing the
task to dreaming the problems and the
solutions. Maybe even a life of purpose.
A life where we move from carpenters to
architects.
Thank you, Jensen. Please join me in
thanking Jensen Huang, the man who made
this all [applause] happen.
>> Thank you.
Thank you so much.
>> You're [cheering] welcome.
>> Thank you.